Add basic explanation to ProgrammableAndroids section. (#106)
Slimefun/Wiki: pages/Woodcutter-Androids.md

> An android that specializes in automating the process of harvesting and replanting trees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Android that specializes in automating the process of harvesting and replanting trees.
```

> A specialized android is created to automate the process of harvesting wood and replanting it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An android that specializes in automating the process of harvesting and replanting trees.
```

> This android will work with all types of wood.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Android will work with all types of wood.
```

## Obtaining
Woodcutter Androids can be crafted in an [Enhanced Crafting Table](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Enhanced-Crafting-Table).

## Usage

> This android will cut and replant any type of wood they're facing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Android will harvest and replant any type of wood they're facing.  
Androids need fuel in order to work, you have to fill them with the [Required Fuel](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Normal-Androids#power-source) before booting!

```

## Tiers

> There is only one tier in this woodcutter android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is only one tier of the Woodcutter Android.
```

> | Tier | Fuel Efficiency |
> | ---- | --------------- |
> | Basic | 1.0x |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Tier  | Fuel Efficiency |
| ----- | :-------------: |
| Basic | 1.0x            |
```

Author: What is the difference on this one?

Author: nvm found the ultimate markdown cheatsheet.

> Androids need fuel in order to work, you have to fill them with the [Required Fuel](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Normal-Androids#power-source) before booting!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Androids need fuel in order to work, you have to fill them with the [Required Fuel](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Normal-Androids#power-source) before booting!

```
Somehow both lines got deleted here

An android that specializes in automating the process of harvesting and replanting trees.
This Android will work with all types of wood.

## Obtaining
Woodcutter Androids can be crafted in an [Enhanced Crafting Table](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Enhanced-Crafting-Table).

## Usage
This Android will harvest and replant any type of wood they're facing.  
Androids need fuel in order to work, you have to fill them with the [Required Fuel](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Normal-Androids#power-source) before booting!

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
double empty line here
